.TH RELOC65 "1" "12 January 2024"

.SH NAME
reloc65 \- relocator for o65 object files

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B reloc65
[\fIOPTION\fR]... \fIFILE\fR...

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B reloc65
is a relocator for files in the
.B o65
object format.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-o filename
Set output filename. The default is
.BR a.o65 \&.
.TP
.B \-v
Verbose output.
.TP
.B \-b? addr
Relocate segment
.B ?
to
.BR addr \&.
.B ?
should be t, d, b or z to represent the text, data, bss or zero
segment respectively. See the
.BR xa (1)
man page for an explanation.
.TP
.B \-x? 
Extract segment
.B ?
from the file instead of writing back the whole
file. Valid arguments are t and d for the text or data segment
respectively. Not valid for bss or zero.
.TP
.B \-X 
Extract text and data segment together
from the file instead of writing back the whole
file. Relocating data segment to the end of the text segment and
bss segment to the end of the data segment
(\-xd and \-xb options override the derived address) before extracting.
.TP
.B \-C cputype
Define a new CPU type for the output file. Available values are:
.IP
.B 6502
- documented 6502 opcodes only
.IP
.B NMOS6502
-
.B 6502
plus undocumented opcodes
.IP
.B 65SC02
- extends
.B 6502
with CMOS opcodes, except for
.BR BBR / BBS / SMB
and
.B RMB
.IP
.B 65C02
- extends
.B 65SC02
with the
.BR BBR / BBS / SMB
and
.B RMB
opcodes
.IP
.B 65CE02
- extends
.B 65C02
with additional CE-specific opcodes
.IP
.B 65816
- 65816 in 6502 emulation mode; extends
.B 65SC02
.TP
.B \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-\-version
Show version of program.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR file65 (1),
.BR ldo65 (1),
.BR uncpk (1),
.BR dxa (1),
.BR xa (1)

.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by David Weinehall <tao@acc.umu.se>
and Cameron Kaiser <ckaiser@floodgap.com>.
Original xa package (C)1989-1997 Andre Fachat. Additional changes
(C)1989-2024 Andre Fachat, Jolse Maginnis, David Weinehall and
Cameron Kaiser. The current maintainer is Cameron Kaiser.

.SH WEBSITE
http://www.floodgap.com/retrotech/xa/
